DOC: Add note on field types to io (#1289)
geopandas/geopandas: doc/source/io.rst

GeoDataFrames can be exported to many different standard formats using the ``GeoDataFrame.to_file()`` method. For a full list of supported formats, type ``import fiona; fiona.supported_drivers``.

.. note::

>     GeoDataFrame can contain more field types than most of the file types. For example tuples or lists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    GeoDataFrame can contain more data types than supported by most of the file formats. For example tuples or lists
```

(just a suggestion, I found the first sentence a bit difficult to understand)

Reviewer: Ah, but "field type" is the term that is used in the error message?

Author: Yes. That is why I used field types. It is a bit of an inconsistency between python and GIS terminology. I kept field types to make a connection to fiona's error.

>     can be easily stored in the GeoDataFrame, but saving them to GeoPackage will raise a ValueError.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    can be easily stored in the GeoDataFrame, but saving them to e.g. GeoPackage or Shapefile will raise a ValueError.
```

(since this is a general note?)
